Fix admin-api-partitioned-topics page grammatical errors (#7780)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/admin-api-partitioned-topics.md

### Stats

> It shows the current statistics of a given partitioned topic. Here's an example payload:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It shows the current statistics of a given partitioned topic. Here is an example payload:
```

|readPosition|The latest position of subscriber for reading message|
|waitingReadOp|This is true when the subscription has read the latest message published to the topic and is waiting on new messages to be published.|
|pendingReadOps|The counter for how many outstanding read requests to the BookKeepers we have in progress|

> |messagesConsumedCounter|Number of messages this cursor has asked since this broker loaded this topic|

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is the right fix.

> |messagesConsumedCounter|Number of messages this cursor has asked since this broker loaded this topic|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|messagesConsumedCounter|Number of messages this cursor has acked since this broker loaded this topic|
```
